# Privacy Policy

Last updated: December 01, 2021

This Privacy Policy describes policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the application. By using the application, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

# Interpretation and Definitions

## Interpretation

The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

## Definitions

For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- __Application__ means the software program provided, named Elevate Sports App
- __Country__ refers to:  Every country
- __Device__ means any device that can access the application such as a computer.
- __Usage Data__ refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the application or from the application infrastructure itself.
- __You__ means the individual accessing or using the application, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the application, as applicable.

# Collecting and Using your machine data

## Types of Data Collected

### Machine Data

As a privacy requirement, **Elevate do not store personal** data that relates to an identified or identifiable individual. Elevate only identifies the machines or devices you use to access the application. Machines identifiers are used for this.  

### Usage Data

Usage Data includes machine related information such as machine identifier, age, max/rest heart rate, cycling threshold, application version, device hardware (cpu, memory, screen resolution), activities stats...

This data never relates to an identified or identifiable individual.

## Machine Data sharing

No sharing of data is performed.

## Retention of your machine data

The application will retain your machine data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. The application will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of the application.

## Disclosure of your machine data

### Law enforcement

Under certain circumstances, Elevate may be required to disclose your machine data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

### Other legal requirements

The application may disclose your machine data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- Comply with a legal obligation
- Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the application
- Protect against legal liability

## Security of your machine data

The security of your machine data is very important, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While Elevate strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your machine data, Elevate cannot guarantee its absolute security.

# Children's Privacy

The application does not address anyone under the age of 13. Elevate do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If Elevate become aware that Elevate have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, Elevate take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If Elevate need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, Elevate may require Your parent's consent before Elevate collect and use that information.


# Links to Other Websites

the application may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. Elevate strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

Elevate have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

# Changes to this Privacy Policy

Elevate may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. Elevate will push any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

# Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

- By email: elevate-sports-app@protonmail.com
